If you disobey
I don't care.
Now.
I wonder if he is really Jianzun
Why if he is really Jianzun
Then Li Jia
How can it be just a small door method?
Don't you find that Li Jia doesn't like him?
Why should he help Li Jia rise?
But if he is really Jianzun
Then why would you be willing to sell fried noodles on the street?
And it's been doing it for years
I know a showbiz diva
He said he was blocked every day when he went out
Sleeping is photographed
Even if you talk to a man more, it will be rumored
Have lost their freedom severely
Life is like skating on thin ice
Very tired
Mr. Jiang, I can understand if you say so
If not
The ability to defeat you with every move and move
Where can't you become king?
Why is he selling fried noodles on the street?
Because fame and fortune are so easy for him
Like dung
Do go
According to
Hahaha, oops, thank you, thank you, thank you.
The owner of the Zhang family sent a million congratulatory gifts
I wish President Tang a happy wedding
Ouch thank you thank you
To thank you, hahahahahahaha
Ha, thanks.
Thanks.
Ok ok ok ok
Liu Family Master sends congratulatory gifts 3 million
I wish President Tang a happy wedding
Ouch, ok, thank you, thank you, hurry up and do it.
Hahahaha congratulations
Congratulations to the chairperson of Halloween Group Wang for sending a congratulatory gift
Ouch thank you thank you
Love from a girl for a wedding
Thank you, thank you, hurry up and leave a message to do it, hahahaha.
In-laws, your family is too shabby, right?
It's such a big event that there's not even a gift giver
Hahaha, what can you do?
Hey, we are all friends of Wu Chuan.
He invited us to his wedding reception
Here it is.
Our Scenario
I invited them.
Let them in, hahahaha.
Wu Chuan, you are amazing, hahaha.
Since the wedding reception is held in the power grid building
Congratulations, congratulations.
Well, I didn't have much money.
Give me 500 change, come to Wuchuan, and I will also grab 300.
I also get 300 for 300.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you very much.